Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Srirachamilk/pen/vYmagYB?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML tag that you can quickly figure out what each tag can do.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is used to build the structure of our websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Special flags inside of our tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        used for header, should be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        a tag and img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata which contains information about the page not displayed to the user.
    7. What is an id? 
        titles that can only appear on a single element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        h1
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        only once.
    10. What is a class? 
        title that can apply to multiple elements, unlike id.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        div a
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        to specify the alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section means that content inside is grouped, div does not convey any meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        language for describing presentation of web
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id can be used only once, class can be used multiple times.
        <p class="?"></div>
        <div class="?"></div>
        <p id="??"></p>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .class p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        to select all elements that are direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        is a selector that selects elements that are in specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;  text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        { border: dotted 1px black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        li
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, There is no prompt before deleting the file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        because it keep all the revisions and stores modifications in a central repository.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as you can, so you save ur progress
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1.fork project so it is under one's own account
        2.check if fork was successful by name before the repo name.
        3.clone repo using https
        4.within cli set directory where you want to clone forked repo
        5.use git clone link  command to clone to desire directory
        6.cd into the cloned repo using cd repo name
        7. git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        8. code . to open and work
        9. just like saving use git add . git commit -m "put discription of your work" git push -u origin branch-name 
        10. create pull request and make sure base repository is changed to one's own forked repo beforehand

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        it sits on its own layer separate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
